Functional blocks of code:

Main          - main code sequence                     - SeizurePrediction.R        - in progress

Preprocessing - data preparation                       - RenameData.R               - complete
              - data error checking                    - IntegrityCheck.R           - complete
              - data metadata/summary                  - GetMetadata.R              - complete

Features      - navigating files and channels          - MakeFeature.R              - complete
              - windowing                              - MakeFeature.R              - complete  
              - engineering                            - MakeFeature.R              - in development              
              - dimensionality reduction               

Validation    - Cross fold validation

Algorithm(SVM)- training
              - testing
              - parameter tuning

Algorithm(SVM)- training
              - testing
              - parameter tuning

Results       - evaluation
              - comparison


Graphics      - plots
              - tables?


Keep in mind this is a classification comparison!!!!! Experiments should focus on this!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Experimental Options:

Downsampling
Window size
Number of folds
Normalisation or Standardisation
Specific or non-specific [Train and test on Dog_1. Then see if Dog_1 can be used to predict others. Repeat for all patients.]

To Do
Figure out how to plot EEG. EEGkit may only work on a EDF. Matt Craddock new library
is not on CRAN and only has install instructions for Bash.
Weekly progress report
Read through Kaggle detection 2014 discussions for R coding ideas

Dataset size
Dog1 - 1006 files
Dog2 - 1542 files
Dog3 - 2416 files
Dog4 - 1891 files
Dog5 - 671 files
Pat1 - 263 files
Pat2 - 210 files
Total 7999


Reference to requirement to perform FFT on diff of a series
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14010605/fast-fourier-transform-in-r

Signal processing packages:
Spectral - meh
spectral.methods - meh

seewave - spectrogram and fundamental freq ('fund()') and dominant 'dfreq()'

TSA
Package e1071 for SVM
Package erpR for ERP may have some function?
spectrum function in stats package - meh
fftw
fftfilt

wavelets


See zoo package rollapply function for segmentation too...

There are two branches for the ESIA code - do you have the latest?

Use .ts time series class in R for EEG ?

Code to do 
Normalisation function - few options (do scale norm and standardisation). Included in caret train()...jus sayin
Cross validation 
FFT feature extraction
Channel averaging across all features

Report to do
References - check DOI has been added in Zotero before export
Remove URLs where DOI is available

Questions for Brendan
Can feature vectors be different lengths?
Can I pad with zeroes or an average? How do I treat missing data?
Can I randomly pick 16 channels from 24?
Do I normalise the feature vector? Is it better to use Z-scores
How do I classify the slices (simple majority?)
Should I take absolute values for time series? The mean is around zero..


Notes on Standard scores
If you want to use standard scores there is an assumption of a normal dist.
Normal distribution can be checked using Shapiro Wilks test 
shapiro.test(x) but limited to 5000 points..
You can also do a QQplot
qqnorm(x) versus a normal dist using qqnorm(rnorm(1000))
5000 points of EEG channel is not normally distributed.
See Kelleher textbook pp.93-94



#FFT plot using TSA package

#periodogram(indata,log='yes',plot=TRUE,ylab="Periodogram", xlab="Frequency") 